and good morning to all and nec of cases and
we are today with the map
mind map rainbow rhodes
then the rainbow road the road to
the rainbow some will know everything
what it is because in
done it's a resumption of one of the races
of mario kart those who do not know
so the rainbow road you go
to see it's absolutely beautiful we're going
go see that right after but already you
start here so here it'll be your
your spawn point so sometimes you
go to show I show you you
can appear on the platform on
the sides so do not hesitate to you
put in creative to start because
that me each time I appeared a side
and coming in creative by flying everything
simply
madam in dance is in this area of
spawn so she's a little bit small
and suddenly in sometimes we are we are at
side of this area forgiveness and so so
it's going to be the map mannequinat mind map
rainbow rhodes and it's going to be some races
from mein because simply
so like in a mario kart you
will be able to recover objects in
course of road then it's not easy
however, because you have to succeed
press the button on the road no
we'll see it right after we're already going
start by reading the rules so like
once again one is the
holidays so the maps are not
translated but I tell you the rules to
the oral like that you can see them and
know them before you start
in the race
just then this map is better than
the races with pigs his
doctors in jailers
a year this map is much better when
we run with pigs on the other hand
with pigs it's not easy because
that because to control them it's
not easy then the goals you
have to do three races in finis and
finish first
a first the cards are given to the
start line click on the button
to choose your starting point
then you clicked on the button and
it'll give you a wool of a
different color and you'll see in
down when we go down this color
aisne will give us the place where
we will have to position ourselves only with our man
map so here I am wool
violet so we'll keep it we'll see
we'll see after that then I do not know
too much what is this xbox version
so do not have two carrots playing each other
and I admit that I have a little bit stuck
does not have karaoui does not have a map
believe that with pigs with the 40 we
can make them go in the direction that we
wants I think it's on pc but
when there will be it zaps will date
share in the map
when that's when you're on the
route you can use the ten
sponsors you'll see lady dee
Spencer have a little bit of everything
and who will give you give you
item objects when you press
on the button and who you
will therefore slow down or
hit a lot of opponents of the road
each player each player each
player must have a stack of arrows and
steak on him so we'll take that
it's just in the kop right next door and
you will have arches in the ten
sponsors so here is so we have to have
a stack of arrows and a stack of
meat well listen we'll go
directly to the scene of hostilities
so it's just below there you
go down by falling so there I want
it's much simpler since you
get off by flying and so that's it
the brand
the amap pardon rainbow like you
can see it from mario kart so that
can be played up to 6 and you go
to have your see eat the wool
violet so I start here all in front
so it's not because we're first
that we will necessarily finish first and
precisely because with the attacks of
our opponents it will be rather
complicated but now so you
have the same cards here
here you go where you
should you place precisely in relation
to the color that you would have had in the
you will have had in the dispensary just
on top you place your mac carthy
this and the other of the party must support
so whoever will be on the orange part
or else the other simply that he
will not play but who will leave us
a little bit late must activate the
little trick and you'll see we have a
small yellow green red light system
red yellow and green which is rather nice
see who is going to really do that
like mario kart what to send up and that's it
here and there it's gone
and in this case I go up in the same
neighborhood after it's a race all to
do it finally it's classic what but
it's pretty good
we really have this mario kart universe that
is there with this rainbow rainbow road
road which is really amazing of
colors and here you are the little ones
dispensaries here so we have to succeed in
press the button there I did not succeed
to be able to pick up items all the way
along the road
so there will be several like that
and it's frankly it's not easy
a trip never succeeded to tell you
push the button
so you have to be careful
prepare her I still missed game
for now I have about 0 forget
so if you run against me one day
I think you will be able to leave
quietly because I you
would not put a lot but here after
massar of this rest of the race and we have
all it is little pixel art of which we
remind the mario universe that are
really splendid I still missed
it's okay so here you are
have to do three rounds and that's the one
who will arrive the first step that will win
who will win the race
go we try to have a small object
before I leave you I do not have them
had a good time again
it does not matter anyway
it was the rainbow road map I'm going
continue my little tour
so we're going to leave that way okay
to be pretty good and in any case
I hope you enjoy the map
I 'm going to be there yes I managed to
see there I had a canvas
spider that I could throw at my
competitors maybe if I get there a
place and on their way
to annoy them to slow them down so
here are several things like that at
do it rather well
here I am putting myself of creative singing
it does not do much to me so we
I hope you will have liked the same
I'll see you soon for
next videos on discovery
minecraft hi everyone